Config file includes app module (#305)
encukou/freezeyt: README.md

The following options are configurable:

### App

The module that contains the application must be given on the command line as first argument or in the configuration file. Freezeyt looks for the variable *app* by default. A different variable can be specified using `:`.

> When the module is specified either by the command line and the config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the module is specified both by the command line and the config file
```

an error is raised.

Examples:

Freezeyt looks for the variable `app` inside the module by default.
```yaml
app: app_module
```

> Parents directories lead to module with `app` variable are separated by dot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `app` is in a submodule, separate package names with a dot:
```

```yaml
app: folder1.folder2.app_module
```

A different variable name can be specified by using `:`.
```yaml
app: app_module:wsgi_application
```

> A different variable name in namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the variable is an attribute of some namespace, use dots in the variable name:
```

The following options are configurable:

### App

The module that contains the application must be given on the command line as first argument or in the configuration file. Freezeyt looks for the variable *app* by default. A different variable can be specified using `:`.
When the module is specified either by the command line and the config file
an error is raised.

Examples:

Freezeyt looks for the variable `app` inside the module by default.
```yaml
app: app_module
```

Parents directories lead to module with `app` variable are separated by dot.
```yaml
app: folder1.folder2.app_module
```

A different variable name can be specified by using `:`.
```yaml
app: app_module:wsgi_application
```

A different variable name in namespace.

```yaml
app: app_module:namespace.wsgi_application
```

> **Note:**
> 
> It is not allowed to specify only module if `app` is configured as python object in configuration variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuration is given as a Python dict, `app` can be given as the WSGI application object, rather than a string.
```

### Module Name

If module that contains the application is not specified in the configuration file, then the module must be given on the command line as first argument.
Specifying it both on the command line and in the config file
is an error.

> Examples:

Author: Add example with namespace `package.module:namespace.variable`

```

If output is not specified in the configuration file,
you must specify the output directory on the command line.
Specifying it both on the command line and in the config file
is an error.

> There are a two ways how to specify the output on the command line by option `-o` resp. `--out-path` or as second argument. When the output directory is specified by both as argument and option, the argument value is used. Output directory is helpful to specify as option if first argument is given in configuration file and there is no way for output directory to be given as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a two ways how to specify the output on the command line either by option `-o` resp. `--out-path` or as a second positional argument.
```

```

If output is not specified in the configuration file,
you must specify the output directory on the command line.

> There are a two ways how to specify the output on the command line either by option `-o` resp. `--output` or as a second positional argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to specify the output on the command line: either by the `--output` (`-o`) option or as a second positional argument.
```
